>> Jon Kuperman: So yeah,
the next exercise is just a quick one.
And this I think would be,
I have an example for
it of there's the Semantic HTML page,
which is just not using Semantic HTML.
So, it's just looking at the website and
you can use your screen reader if you want
to listen to how it's interpreted and
change it that way, or
just look at the code and just try to
figure out, are the headings correct?
Are we using the right tags?
Different things like that.
But I also think this one works really
well to go out if you have a personal
project or a company project or whatever
and serious kinda start thinking about,
are you using divs all over the place,
how are your headings,
how are your different things like that?
So yeah,
it should be pretty straightforward.
Just, yeah,
just going over looking at ARIA roles and
looking at the elements and making
sure that they're the appropriate one.